//////////////////////////////////////////
**************************************************************************
*
* Copyright:       Robert Bosch Power Tools GmbH, 2018 - 2020
*
**************************************************************************
//////////////////////////////////////////

[[work-areas]]
== Work Areas
Work areas can be used to group tasks (in the calendar).



[[create-workarea]]
=== Create work area
This endpoint can be used to create work areas.

[[create-workarea-latest]]
==== Latest API Version

[[create-workarea-request-latest]]
===== Request
A `POST` request is used to create a new work area.

====== Request headers
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-create-project-workarea/request-headers.adoc[]

====== Request fields
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-create-project-workarea/request-fields.adoc[]

====== Example request
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-create-project-workarea/http-request.adoc[]
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-create-project-workarea/curl-request.adoc[]

[[create-workarea-response-latest]]
===== Response
The created work area is returned.

====== Response fields
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-create-project-workarea/response-fields.adoc[]

====== Links
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-create-project-workarea/links.adoc[]

====== Example response
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-create-project-workarea/http-response.adoc[]



[[create-workarea-with-identifier]]
=== Create work area with identifier
Same as the previous request, but choose the work area identifier client-side.

[[create-workarea-with-identifier-latest]]
==== Latest API Version

[[create-workarea-with-identifier-request-latest]]
===== Request
A `POST` request is used to create a new work area.

====== Path parameters
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-create-project-workarea-with-identifier/path-parameters.adoc[]

====== Request headers
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-create-project-workarea-with-identifier/request-headers.adoc[]

====== Request fields
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-create-project-workarea-with-identifier/request-fields.adoc[]

====== Example request
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-create-project-workarea-with-identifier/http-request.adoc[]
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-create-project-workarea-with-identifier/curl-request.adoc[]

[[create-workarea-with-identifier-response-latest]]
===== Response
A list of all work areas of the project, including the new one is returned.

====== Response fields
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-create-project-workarea-with-identifier/response-fields.adoc[]

====== Links
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-create-project-workarea-with-identifier/links.adoc[]

====== Example response
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-create-project-workarea-with-identifier/http-response.adoc[]



[[update-workarea]]
=== Update work area
Update a work area for a given id with a provided name.

[[update-workarea-latest]]
==== Latest API Version

[[update-workarea-request-latest]]
===== Request
A `PUT` request is used to update a work area.

====== Path parameters
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-update-project-workarea/path-parameters.adoc[]

====== Request fields
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-update-project-workarea/request-fields.adoc[]

====== Example request
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-update-project-workarea/http-request.adoc[]
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-update-project-workarea/curl-request.adoc[]

[[update-workarea-response-latest]]
===== Response
The updated work area is returned.

====== Response fields
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-update-project-workarea/response-fields.adoc[]

====== Links
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-update-project-workarea/links.adoc[]

====== Example response
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-update-project-workarea/http-response.adoc[]



[[get-workarea]]
=== Get work area
Retrieves a work area for a given id.

[[get-workarea-latest]]
==== Latest API Version

[[get-workarea-request-latest]]
===== Request
A `GET` request is used to retrieve a single work area.

====== Path parameters
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-get-project-workarea/path-parameters.adoc[]

====== Example request
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-get-project-workarea/http-request.adoc[]
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-get-project-workarea/curl-request.adoc[]

[[get-workarea-response-latest]]
===== Response
The work area is returned.

====== Response fields
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-get-project-workarea/response-fields.adoc[]

====== Links
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-get-project-workarea/links.adoc[]

====== Example response
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-get-project-workarea/http-response.adoc[]



[[delete-workarea]]
=== Delete work area
Delete a work area for a given id.

[[delete-workarea-latest]]
==== Latest API Version

[[delete-workarea-request-latest]]
===== Request
A `DELETE` request is used to delete a work area.

====== Path parameters
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-delete-project-workarea/path-parameters.adoc[]

====== Request headers
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-delete-project-workarea/request-headers.adoc[]

====== Example request
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-delete-project-workarea/http-request.adoc[]
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-delete-project-workarea/curl-request.adoc[]

===== Response
A list of all work areas of the project, without the deleted one is returned.

====== Example response
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-delete-project-workarea/http-response.adoc[]



[[update-workarealist]]
=== Update work area list
Update the work area list with the given work area order.

[[update-workarealist-latest]]
==== Latest API Version

[[update-workarealist-request-latest]]
===== Request
A `PUT` request is used to update a work area list.

====== Request headers
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-update-project-workarealist/request-headers.adoc[]

====== Request fields
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-update-project-workarealist/request-fields.adoc[]

====== Example request
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-update-project-workarealist/http-request.adoc[]
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-update-project-workarealist/curl-request.adoc[]

[[update-workarealist-response-latest]]
===== Response
The list of work areas with the updated order is returned.

====== Response fields
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-update-project-workarealist/response-fields.adoc[]

====== Links
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-update-project-workarealist/links.adoc[]

====== Example response
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-update-project-workarealist/http-response.adoc[]



[[get-workarea-list]]
=== List all work areas
Retrieves the list of work areas for a specific project sorted by position.

[[get-workarea-list-latest]]
==== Latest API Version

[[get-workarea-list-request-latest]]
===== Request
A `GET` request is used to get the list of work areas of a specific project.

====== Path parameters
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-get-project-workareas/path-parameters.adoc[]

====== Example request
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-get-project-workareas/http-request.adoc[]
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-get-project-workareas/curl-request.adoc[]

[[get-workarea-list-response-latest]]
===== Response
The list of work areas is returned.

====== Response fields
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-get-project-workareas/response-fields.adoc[]

====== Links
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-get-project-workareas/links.adoc[]

====== Example response
include::{snippets}/project-workareas/document-get-project-workareas/http-response.adoc[]
